---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Goin' to the Chapel, Gonna Get Murdered"
description: "Or: Igni Is A Fart In The Wind"
category: adventures
---

The next day, knowing that both our victims frequented it, we decide to go to
The Chapel. Stripping off anything that might identify us as belonging to any
particular organization, we head to the common area of the church to find
Brother Burra.

"Well good morning, friends!" His greeting is warm, chasing away the chill of
the winter air seeping through the walls. "What grand adventures will you be
embarking on today?"

"We were thinking of going to The Chapel," Igni answers him. "Can you give us
directions?"

"It _is_ an open secret that The Chapen exists, but..." He looks at me sideways,
much as I expected. "Why on earth would you want to go there?"

"It appears that Umbardo's death and the death of the Barbarian Witch are
related," I answer. "We're hoping that finding clues in the murder of the
Witch will lead us to answers in the murder of Umbardo."

"The leader is a decent chap, but... There is a lot of tension right now. Just
be careful."

Brother Burra's directions take us right to The Chapel. It's a fairly
non-descript building, built with stone and overgrown with ivy. There is almost
no one around, everyone too busy celebrating the feast in the rest of the city.

"Oh, wait, we should go ask about large quantities of fire oil!" Aticus
interjects, clearly looking for a way out of experiencing The Chapel.

"Yes! We _should_ go ask about large quantities of fire oil! I'll go get Flare
and we can go to the docks!" And just like that, Igni and Aticus are gone,
leaving me and Coriol facing the door of The Chapel.

Part of me is relieved that Coriol and I are the only ones walking into The
Chapel. Although I don't believe in the gods the Barbarians worship, there is
still something solemn and sacred about the small building - something Igni and
Aticus don't quite understand.

hearth in central area, couple tables, booths around outside of room, doorway to left that leads to perhaps offices
and a stairwell to the right leading down. Only a couple people, handsome Barbarian man crying, woman comforting him
Woman tenses as we come in, then visibly relaxes and returns to comforting visitor, couple people in alcoves, likely
dedicated to different gods, praying, meditating, reading holy books





"Watch out for Black Cloaks, especially right now. Don't be alone if you can help
it, and be extra watchful in the middle of the night."

Torga sits in thought for a moment, raises a finger as if she's about to say
something, then puts it back down. "Would you be willing to wait here for a
moment?'

Coriol and I look at each other and shrug before I answer, "Yeah, we can wait."

Torga rises and hurries dow the stairs to the cellar. Like way too long passes
and she finally comes back.

"Would you be willing to come talk to someone? Downstairs?"

"Did this person also talk to Yarmar and Umbardo?" Coriol doesn't even miss a
beat.

I look at Coriol out of the corner of my eye, but Coriol doesn't '

Torga leads us down the stairway to a desolate cellar. Double doors lead into
another room furnished by a large wooden table with many other rooms branching
off of it. She crosses the empty room to knock hard on the brick wall. A couple
seconds later, bricks start to slide to either side and a secret door opens.

Small oil lamp on simple table inside the door. Stooped figure in cloak, pearl and feather
adorned braids mostly obscure face

"It was I, I who took the pristess's life."

"Amanda?"

"Yes, I killed her."

"Will you tell us why you killed her?"

"Certoinly. She deserved it." Up until 8 winters ago, masacred Barbarians even after Queen
took dominion, came to Ravenia 5 months ago, waited and struck when time was right.

"Will you tell us your name?"

"Algaya."

"Do you know anything about the deaths of Brother Umbardo and Yarmar?"

She sighs. "Those were truly unfortunate. I fear that Umbardo was killed and
led them to Yarmar, and Yarmar was killed to lead them to me."

- Master to teach Yarmar witchery, just assigned
- Met Umbardo only briefly, liked him
- Umbardo probably led them to Yarmar, who led them to her



We hear a sudden crash followed by a shriek that ends as suddenly as it started.

Coriol turns to Torga. "Is there any other way out of here?"

Torga shakes her head and answers, "The only way out of this room is the secret
door."

I can hear the squirrels racing in Coriol's mind as he looks around the room,
examining the walls, the floor, the ceiling. The heavy footsteps we've been
hearing upstairs are now at the top of the stairs.

"We should go help Torga," I whisper to Coriol.

"Did Umbardo or Yarmar know about this room?" he asks.

Algaya shakes her head. "Not that I know of."

Coriol nods and steers me towards the door. Just before we step through, Algaya
stares into our eyes. "May the spirits favor you. Protect the duke." Without
another word, she sinks into the ground.

We do our best to close the door behind us. Torga screams once more somewhere
upstairs. Then the only sound is the footsteps coming down the stairs. I pull
out my Thundering Pike and take a defensive stance in front of the door as the
footsteps approach the door.




**Deleted Scene?**
"How did it go?"

"Well... We got chased off a dock... And then we realized that our whole line
of questioning might have actually been a waste of time..."
