---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "TBD"
description: "Or: Is This A Raven Quest Part 2?"
category: adventures
---

In our favorite barricaded room in the basement of The Chapel, Coriol peeks
hopefully through the hole in the door. The Black Cloaks outside struggle
against the vines he has wrapped them in for a moment before one is able to
wriggle an arm free, strike a match, and toss it into the pool of oil at the
base of the door. There is a _whoosh_ and Coriol stumbles backwards as a gout
of flames bursts through the hole in the door. We hear cursing from outside as
the door ignites and smoke billows in towards us.

A moment later, Coriol shakes his head and mutters under his breath, "Well,
there go my Entangling Vines..."

Upstairs, a Black Cloak feints at Aticus and manages to land two hits, but both
swords skitter off Aticus's thick armor. Another Black Cloak feints at Flare,
also landing two hits, but his swords find weaknesses in Flare's armor and knick
the Flame Elemental inside.

JPG GET DETAILS FROM RECORDING Igni get feinted, missed some details due to Sophie

Aticus and Flare both swing at the Black Cloaks they are engaged with but miss
their marks.

I start to murmur the familiar words of the Lifegiver spell, hoping to give
Coriol an advantage once we manage to get out the door, but I choke on smoke and
cannot manage to get out the last few words. I pull out my flask of holy water
instead and wet the ends of my sleeve and Coriol's sleeve.

"Breathe through this," I gasp, "it will help prevent you from breathing the
smoke."

Upstairs, Igni growls "I don't have _time_ for this!" and pulls out his vampire
sword. The runes along the blade, which normally glow a dull silver, flare a
deep crimson red, fog whispers at edges of blade, Black Cloak dodges out of the way

Coriol throws his shoulder into the wooden door in desperation and bounces right off

Black Cloak Igni barks "Ley's get out of here, the building is about to go!"

As one unit, the three Black Cloaks turn to run. They dive and roll towards the
door, making any chance of parting blows impossible.

JPG STUFF HAPPENED HEERE FIND IT

Downstairs, I look through the crates and barrels frantically. The barrels are
sturdy and well-craftedanwell-constructed barrels, maybe liquid, maybe grain
first is empty, second sloshes, rip open top of barrel, it's water! Start pulling barrel towards door

JPG ALSO SOME MINOR DETAILS HERE

charred corpse sprawled on ground, crawling towards doors when consumed. Igni looks around, listens closely,
hears nothing, whoops, Igni calls out, "Hello! Is there anyone down here?"

Coriol answers, "Move the table!"

Igni sees flaming table on flaming wall. Steps into fire to try to move table.

"You don't have any cookie mix on you, do you?" -- Coriol to Agathara

JPG STUFF HAPPENED CHECK IT OUT, MINOR DETAILS

Aticus runs after Black Cloaks but is just not fast enough :( boo knees hurt from face planting, takes
a second to get back up to speed

Igni rounds corner, Barbarians sprawled in crates and barrels and things, Black Cloaks are threatening
Barbarians, surprise surprise

The first Black Cloak punches a nearby Barbarian woman, while the second Black
Cloak grabs a Barbarian man by the hair and holds his sword to his new hostage's
throat.

The hostage-holder shouts, "Stop right there, or I will kill this one!"

Flare immediately slides to a halt, and the standing Black Cloaks start to back
away, taking their hostage with them. Flare reaches for the Black Cloak on the
ground but can't get a hold around the man's flailing arms.

JPG WORDS HERE, GET FROM RECORDING

Aticus rounds the corner to discover the standoff between Flare and the Black
Cloaks. He sheathes his sword and walks down the street towards the Black
Cloaks, not trying to threaten them but definitely keeping an eye on them.

In the basement of The Chapel, I keep dragging the barrel of water towards the
flaming door. "Coriol, help me, I think we can pour this out the hole and onto
the flames." Hearing another thud from outside, I raise my voice. "Igni, we have
a barrel of water, we're going to try to pour it out the door!"

Igni shoves again at the table, but it is much heavier than it looks. It scrapes
forward an inch or so as the flames lick around Igni.

Coriol and I manage to lift the barrel up to the hole in the door and pour the
precious contents out. There is a huge splash from the other side, and a few
thin streams of water trickle down our side of the door. The smoke lightens
considerably, and we breathe easier.

In the alley, the Black Cloak at Flare's feet swings his sword at Flare's legs
and makes contacts with Flare's shins, but the Fire Elemental is completely
unphased.

"Look, we're serious, back up or _they die_." The Black Cloak holding the
hostage presses his sword into the Barbarian's throat; he screams as blood
trickles from a fresh wound in his neck.

Aticus raises his hands and backs away slightly. The Barbarian woman on the
ground shrieks and cries out, "Help him! Please help him!"

Flare stomps hard on the fallen Black Cloak's hand, and the man's sword goes
skittering away as he cries out in pain.

Back in the basement, I push against the charred part of the door. It doesn't
budge, and I come away streaked in soot.

I can hear Igni mumbling outside the door. "Stupid table, won't freakin' move
and now I'm on fire _and_ I'm wet..." Then there's a scraping sound, presumably
the table being pushed out of the way. The building groans, and I know it won't
last much longer.

Coriol pushes against the door, but it sticks in the frame, having been warped
by the wood and the water.

In the alley, Aticus whips out his lance and throws it towards the Black Cloak
not holding the Barbarian hostage. The lance sails past him, and the Black
Cloack smirks, but it doesn't last long. The lance rips through the Black
Cloak's arm on the way back, and he cries out in anger as the lance returns to
Aticus's hand.

Flare throws Lorvana's Throwing Shield like a discus towards the Black Cloak
holding the hostage. The shield smashes into the face of the Black Cloak, and
he stumbles backwards. The Barbarian falls with him, the sword slicing through
his throat as they fall. The Barbarian woman wails loudly as the two land in a
heap on the ground.

Igni, Coriol, and I work together to pry the door open. With no small amount of
kicking, prying, pushing, and pulling, it finally swings open, and Coriol and I
tumble out into the cellar. The three of us bolt for the side door and rush into
the fresh air outside. We are surrouned by commotion - the screming of people,
the roaring of the fire.

The Black Cloak at Flare's feet manages to stand and immediately trips and falls
back onto his stomach as the hostage-holder struggles to shift the corpse of the
Barbarian off of him. The lanced Black Cloak shouts, "You will die for this!"
and turns to run away, with Aticus pursuing. Flare punches at the man on the
ground to keep him down.

"Excuse me," I say, laying a hand on the arm of a nearby woman, "have you seen
anyone leaving The Chapel?"

"Yes," she responds, her eyes glazing over in her shock. "I saw a glowing suit
of armor... and a large muscular man... and a few men in black cloaks..."

"Which way did they go?" Igni is dancing on his toes, and I can tell he's
itching to fight the Black Cloaks.

"That way..." The woman points vaguely in the general direction of town, and
we rush off towards our friends.

The Black Cloak Aticus is pursuing starts to pull away as the man at Flare's
feet manages to stand. The previous hostage-holder swears and kicks the body at
his feet before turning to charge at Flare. Slams iny\to Flare, launching him
back a step or two and grapples with the suit of armor.

Aticus loses Black Cloak

Flare, alone with two Black Cloaks and the wailing woman, GET EXACT ACTION
FROM RECORDING BUT THAT GUY IS DEAD

We round the corner to a horrible scene of carnage and gore. Flare demolishes
one of the two Black Cloaks we can see as the other stares in horror. I rush to
the wailing woman and help her to her feet, murmuring what words of comfort I
can find and half-carrying her out of the way of the fight.

"You can either come quietly, or go loudly," Igni threatens, his Flame Stone (???)
flaring up dangerously. The Black Cloak raises his hands and drops to his knees,
lowering all but two of his fingers as he does.

The Black Cloak's eyes shoot venom as he spits, "You'll pay for this! Your Duke
has already been taken care of, and the rest of you will _burn_.""

Igni's eyebrows raise. "The Duke has been taken care of? Care to elaborate?" But
the Black Cloak remains silent.

Flare lashes the man's hands behind his back and tosses him over his shoulder
like a sack of potatoes. I call over a couple women standing nearby to care for
the wailing woman, and they are followed by a large crowd of Barbarians.

"Turn him over to us!" "Vengeance! Vengeance!" "We'll take care of that Black
Cloak for you!"

JPG FIX THINGS HERE
>>> Town Guard rolls up, take Black Cloak into custody for questioning and notify
>>>that something may be going on with the Duke

As we debate what to do with the Black Cloak, there is a "caw, caw!" from
nearby. We look towards the sound to see a crow perched on the edge of the roof
of a nearby house. It caws again and looks at us intently before flapping its
wings and hopping to another rooftop a couple houses down, looking at us
intently as it lands.

"Are you the basement witch?" Coriol asks, holding out his arm as a potential
perch. The crow caws again, flaps its wings and spins a small circle before
settling back down onto the roof.

"I think we should follow it," I murmur.

"Why would we follow a random bird?" Aticus asks.

"Yeah, we're like... kind of in the middle of a thing here," Igni adds.

The Town Guards see the bird and spit. "Filthy creature," one of them growls.
"All this destruction and now this, a bad omen of "

"Are you who they talked to a while ago?" Aticus calls to the crow.

The crow caws and flutters its feathers before hopping up and down.

"That looks like a 'yes' to me," Aticus mutters.

JPG FIX THIS
Long caw, circles us agitatedly

Aticus walks towards the chapel, gets cut off by bird who flies back down road
and perches on house, guards think we're crazy, but we all head towards town

Guards head toward gate, bird gets to intersection and heads West instead of
towards gate

Igni turns to Coriol. "Is this a Familiar?"

Coriol sighs. JPG GET WORDS FROM RECORDING
